Add "active" access restriction (#3993)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/accessControl.md

The `showClosedAssessment` access rule restriction is only useful in conjunction with [disabling real-time grading](assessment.md#disabling-real-time-grading) and setting `"showClosedAssessment": false`.

## Submittable assessments

> The `submittable` access rule restriction is useful for allowing students to see what assessments they have coming up. If `submittable` is set to `false`, students can see the assessment on the Assessments page, but they cannot create a new assessment instance or submit answers to questions. If an assessment is currently not submittable but will be in the future, students can see when the assessment will become submittable by looking at the `Available credit` column on the Assessments page. Assessments are submittable by default.

Reviewer: I think this should also be used when releasing exams to students for post-exam review? Using this new restriction will ensure that a student who had never started the exam will be unable to start it during the post-exam review period.

Author: It depends on what the "post-exam review period" looks like. If `submittable` is set to false, students who have not started the exam will not be able to see the questions at all. That's fine if the instructor only wants the students who did the exam to be able to see the questions. On the other hand, if the instructor wants to allow everyone to see the exam questions, they should *not* set `submittable` to false. Instead, they should set `credit: 0` (or omit the `credit` field so that it defaults to 0) in the access rules. In the end, it depends on whether or not the instructor wants to let everyone see the questions.

Reviewer: You describe the situation exactly correctly, including the current practice. I think we should recommend that people change this current practice to instead use `"submittable": false` when returning exams. It would be great to specify this in the docs, both in the section about the `submittable` restriction and also here: https://prairielearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq/#how-do-i-give-students-access-to-view-their-exams-after-they-are-over

Author: Documentation has been added

> **Note**: if `submittable` is set to `false` in an access rule, the available `credit` for that access rule must be 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: if `submittable` is set to `false` in an access rule, the available `credit` cannot be set to any value other than 0 (the default value).
```

Just to clarify that they don't need to set the credit, they only need to ensure that it is not set to a non-zero value.

> The `active` access rule restriction is useful for allowing students to see what assessments they have coming up. It should also be used when [returning exams to students](faq.md#how-do-i-give-students-access-to-view-their-exams-after-they-are-over). If `active` is set to `false`, students can see the assessment on the Assessments page, but they cannot create a new assessment instance or submit answers to questions. If an assessment is currently not active but will be in the future, students can see when the assessment will become active by looking at the `Available credit` column on the Assessments page. The `active` property in an access rule is `true` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `active` access rule restriction is useful for allowing students to see what assessments they have coming up. It should also be used when [returning exams to students](faq.md#how-do-i-give-students-access-to-view-their-exams-after-they-are-over). If `active` is set to `false`, students can see the assessment on the Assessments page, but they cannot start the assessment, create a new assessment instance, or submit answers to questions. If an assessment is currently not active but will be in the future, students can see when the assessment will become active by looking at the `Available credit` column on the Assessments page. The `active` property in an access rule is `true` by default.
```

An example of the `submittable` access rule restriction is shown below:

```json
"allowAccess": [
    {
        "startDate": "2015-02-16T00:00:01",
        "endDate": "2015-02-16T23:59:59",
        "timeLimitMin": 50,
        "credit": 100
    },
    {
        "startDate": "2015-01-01T00:00:01",
        "endDate": "2015-02-15T23:59:59",
        "submittable": false
    }
]
```

> In the example above, from January 1st to February 15th, students can see the assessment on the Assessments page but cannot begin the assessment. If students try to click into the assessment during this time, they will see a message saying that the assessment will be available on February 16th. The first access rule applies on February 16th, and since `submittable` is `true` (by default), students can start the assessment and submit answers to questions on that day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example above, from January 1st to February 15th, students can see the assessment on the Assessments page but cannot begin the assessment. They will see a message saying that the assessment will be available on February 16th. The first access rule applies on February 16th, and since `submittable` is `true` (by default), students can start the assessment and submit answers to questions on that day.
```
